Now to a "NewsHour" Shares,
something that caught our eye
that might be of interest to
you, too.
Just five years ago, Nura Afia
was a young mother in Denver
who enjoyed watching YouTube
videos while taking
care of her daughter.
It turns out it was
time well spent.
She began producing her own
videos on how to apply makeup.
And now she's a sensation,
becoming the first Muslim
brand ambassador for CoverGirl.
Mary MacCarthy from
Colorado Politics brings
us her story from Denver.
NURA AFIA, Model: CoverGirl
was the big break for me that
I never thought I would get.
That was a national beauty
campaign that I never thought
I would see anyone that looks
like me featured in or
anyone that dresses like me.
MARY MACCARTHY, Colorado
Politics: From this humble home
studio, with her daughter's toys
at her feet, Nura Afia has built
an international following.
With 340,000 followers
on Instagram and over
200,000 subscribers to
her YouTube channel,
the 25-year-old makes a very
good living with these tutorials
on the art of applying makeup,
the benefits of skin care, and
how to wear the Muslim hijab.
NURA AFIA: I line the
edge up to my scarf.
I posted I was in the
"Glamour" magazine today.
And someone said,
"Congratulations, paving the way
for Muslim women everywhere."
MARY MACCARTHY: It was after
Afia built up her own following
online that makeup brands
started reaching out to her.
Even though her career has
taken off, Afia admits it's a
complicated time to be a visible
Muslim in the U.S.
The atmosphere caused by the
election has made her more
cautious, while, at the same
time, some in her community
have been reaching out.
NURA AFIA: More people, I
feel like, go out of their
way to smile and are nicer.
So, I feel like that those few
people that are very angry or,
you know, scared of Muslims,
they are still few
and far between.
MARY MACCARTHY: The
wider fashion world
has begun embracing the
hijab, with retail giant
H&M featuring a veiled
model, and Nike recently
launching a hijab sports line.
NURA AFIA: Hijab isn't
just how you dress.
It's supposed to be how you act.
If someone that has never met
a Muslim and they meet me, and
that's their first experience,
I'm hoping that it's the best
experience, and that wearing
the hijab reminds me that
it needs to be the best
experience for everyone
that comes across me.
MARY MACCARTHY: Afia hopes the
greater exposure of Islam in the
fashion world will help reduce
negative stereotypes
of Muslim Americans.
For the "PBS NewsHour," I'm
Mary MacCarthy in Denver.
JUDY WOODRUFF: And you could
even ask what took us so long.